<p><b>NER-TTC</b>: Named Entity Recognition with <a href="https://aclanthology.org/2020.acl-main.680/">Temporal Twitter Corpus</a>. It consists of tweets annotated for PER, LOC and ORG entities. here are 2,000 tweets for each year from the period 2014--2019. TTC is the only corpus with human annotations specifically collected in order to study temporal effects on performance. Other datasets, including the three we describe next are in fact derived annotations that do not require research effort. </p>

<p><b>Truecasing-NYT</b>: Truecasing is the task of case restoration in text. We sample a dataset from the <a href="https://catalog.ldc.upenn.edu/LDC2008T19">New York Times Annotated Corpus</a> hich has sentences that follow English orthographic conventions. We perform a constrained random sampling of 10,000 sentences per year from 1987--2004 and organize the data with three consecutive years per split. To maintain diversity of text, we select approximately equal number of sentences from each domain (indicated by metadata tags) and only two sentences per article. Sentences should have at least one capitalized word not including the first word and should not be completely in uppercase (headlines appear in all uppercase). We model the task as sequence labeling with binary word labels of fully lowercase or not. </p>

<p><b>Sentiment-Amazon</b>: Sentiment Classification using <a href="https://nijianmo.github.io/amazon/index.html">Amazon reviews</a>. It consists of 233M product reviews rated on a scale of 1 to 5. We model this task as binary classification, treating rating of greater than 3 as positive and the remaining as negative. We randomly sample 40,000 reviews per year from the period 2001--2018 and organize the data with three consecutive years per split. The first 50 words of each review are used.</p>

<p><b>Domain-NYT</b>: Domain Classification using news articles. We select the first 40,000 articles from each year in 1987--2004 from the <a href="https://catalog.ldc.upenn.edu/LDC2008T19">New York Times Annotated Corpus</a> and organize the data with three consecutive years per split. The article domain is labeled using the article metadata. Certain domains are merged based on the name overlap, resulting in eight domain---Arts, Business, Editorial, Financial, Metropolitan, National, Sports and Others. The first 50 words (1-2 paragraphs) of each article are used.</p>
